[A.Korean.Odyssey.15]
[Synced by sirmcfly]
[Enjoy]
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki 92
You're the only one in this world who can kill me.
Because if you tell me to die, I'll die.
The thing that can kill him is you, whom he loves, and only you.
You can't lock me up.
- S—
- You want to call Son Oh Gong?
If you call him, he'll die.
- He won't die!
- He got hurt when you called him, didn't he?
Stop, Son Oh Gong! Don't!
Why do you think that is? .
You two have a fate that rang the death bell.
This bell lets you know of a deadly fate in which one person dies and the other kills.
Choose.
Are you going to call Son Oh Gong to save you and  kill him
or,  are you going to disappear here by yourself?
You're going to sleep for eternity.
♫ I am boxing up the longing in the pouring rain and letting it go ♫
♫ I am afraid you might forget me ♫
♫ If it were destiny, I will accept it ♫
♫ If so-called love becomes a sin ♫
♫ I will be able to see you again ♫
You sleep here.
I'm going to wake up in your body now.
I've entered Sam Jang's body.
- You're awake now?
- What did you come here for?
Do I always need you to call me in order to come here? I came because I missed you of course.
You must be really tired. How could you have slept so deeply?
I was dreaming a good dream.
- What dream?
- A dream in which I was looking for the thing I wanted most.
Did you find it?
I did. It was great.
You look like you're really happy.
Yeah.
Then keep dreaming a good dream.
Just as the Great Sage said, Ah Sa Nyeo has gone into Sam Jang's body.
Is Sam Jang dead?
[Episode 15]
No, that can't be.
Sam Jang's drop of blood in my body is still the same as ever.
She's alive somewhere.
Then she should call Son Oh Gong.
Why isn't she calling him?
Indeed. There's something strange about this.
As long as he's looking for Sam Jang's real self,
can't he not harm Ah Sa Nyeo as she is?
He decided to string her along until he finds a solution so that she doesn't run off with Sam Jang's body.
Will he be able to fool Ah Sa Nyeo?
When she possessed Bu Ja, she had all of Bu Ja's memories.
Ah Sa Nyeo very strongly desired the Great Sage as her wedding partner.
Then she's definitely going to try to go all the way with Son Oh Gong tonight.
You absolutely mustn't break down, Son Oh Gong.
I'm the prettiest in your eyes, right?
You were concerned about that, huh?
What's wrong?
You always worried that I wouldn't find you pretty if the Geumgganggo was taken off.
Your heart would be bothered by it all the way through till the end, wouldn't it?
I'm okay though.
I know you're pretending to be okay with it.
I'm a really bad guy for wanting to hold you even though I know that.
So I'm stopping. Because I love you.
All right. We still have time after all.
We're going to soon be married, aren't we?
- Are we not?
- We are.
I'm going to marry my one and only bride in this world.
Let's go out.
Call my name when you're struggling, scared, or in danger.
I will always appear and protect you.
I'm extremely scared, having a hard time, and in danger right now.
Jin Seon Mi, where are you?
In regards to your decision to get married,
First, I congratulate you.
Leave the food to me.
Thank you everyone.
Ah, this is my wedding ring.
Ah, I see. Yes.
As promised, I selected your wedding dress for you.
Would you like to take a look at it?
Right now? Where is it?
It's in Ma Wang's room.
Sure. I'll go take a look now.
Let's go.
I'll be back after looking at it.
Okay.
Hey, Son Oh Gong. You're being too obvious.
I'm holding myself back.
She really is totally like Sam Jang though. She even smells the same! Right, Ma Wang?
She's even gone so far as to take over all of Sam Jang's spirit energy.
Then again she must have been at least that confident in the takeover,
for her to be able to come here of her own volition.
No. She doesn't feel like Sam Jang at all to me.
Because of the chill Ma Wang is going through the room is a little cold.
Ah, you're right. It is.
Do you like it?
Yes. Can I try it on once?
Go ahead.
It's still here the same as ever.
She's checking on the fake censer.
Good job making another fake censer.
General Winter must have taken the real censer, right?
Geez, it's a real shock that General Winter would betray someone.
The censer's changed to giving off a blue light.
As time passes and the censer's light turns to a blue color,
then that'll mean I've entered Sam Jang's body.
When that happens, break it.
If the censer is gone then will Sam Jang be unable to come back again?
That's right. You have to break the censer for sure.
Find General Winter. We have to find the censer at all costs.
What are we going to do if he's already gotten rid of the censer?
If Sam Jang has ended up being completely unable to come back anymore, then Ma Wang will feel it.
She's still safe.
It's in here.
She's still alive.
Hurry.
[I'll come to find you, wait.]
Who was is it that came to my lecture hall?
Was it Jeong Se Ra whom I killed?
What are you doing?
That girl who didn't die and came back.
Hey! Jeong Se Ra. Excuse me, wake up! Hey!
Did the thing that came out of here kill those men?
Sounds like crazy talk, right?
She told me to wait because she was coming to find me.
She's trying to scare me
but I'm really excited by it and looking forward to it.
I feel like something extremely grand is about to show itself in front of this Kang Dae Sung.
When Sam Jang is back I'm going to rip Ah Sa Nyeo to shreds.
I can feel your murderous intent all the way over here.
And you're going to have to keep it to yourself until you get Sam Jang back safe and sound.
Isn't that right? Yes, indeed.
I really like the dress.
That's good.
I'm looking forward to it then.
Ah, I'll accompany you on your way out.
Do so please, Oh Jeong.
- Instead of going, I want to stay here tonight.
- Pardon?
Secretary Ma left because of Jeo Pal Gye's scheduled event, didn't she?
And Ma Wang is having a hard time because of his eyes right now, so I'll help you.
Oh, yes. I see.
All the better. Then come discuss the preparations for the wedding ceremony with me.
Sure.
See you later.
Hey, hey. There's no questioning her mind is set on getting you tonight. What are you going to do?
I've got no other choice.
Ma Wang, sleep with me.
I don't want to.
Tell her you have to sleep holding me tight because of your chill.
Hell no. Hell no to the max.
You can't see anyway! Just think of me as the Princess Iron Fan!
Have you lost it?! No way!
I even took ten hits for you, didn't I!
I don't want to.
- I can't sleep with her!
- Ow, ow!
Um, the wedding reception will be held in Sureumdong's garden.
If there's any particular food dish that you would like, please tell me.
I already told you everything just now.
I've repeated myself 5 times now!
In that case, if there's a particular drink that you like, please tell me.
Decide on it yourself.
I'm going back up now.
Hyungnim, I apologize.
This is as far as I can go.
Hey, she's coming. She's coming.
Ah! Goodness, the new groom was taking care of his skin but it looks like he's fallen asleep.
[Vaseline]
I was going to put one on too. Hold on just a moment.
Son Oh Gong? Nut job?
Oh my, looks like he's deep asleep already. Dear, dear.
Sam Jang, I'm truly grateful for you saying you'll stay behind like this to help me.
I'd like it if you could lead me to my room.
Now, now. Come, come.
Thanks, Ma Wang.
Sam Jang, we should talk about this or that regarding your wedding.
Let's do that here.
Come, come. Sit down.
All right. Let's do so then.
What did you want to talk about?
Ah! What would you like for your wedding gift?
I should give you something valuable.
You're wedding gift was the banana leaf fan, right?
Give me something as valuable as that.
Elder Soo Bo Ri has the banana leaf fan right now.
He'll return it after I become a deity.
Even though it's yours, you have to wait obediently for it to be given back to you?
For the sake of lessening my woman's pain,
I'm waiting nice and obediently.
I see the heavenly realm was able to quite easily tame you because of the suffering they inflicted on her.
You're submissively obedient and you've even gotten weak.
How bad for you.
I've gotten quite weak, haven't I?
The best treatment for it is right in front of my eyes though.
Wouldn't I become strong again if I just gobbled that up? Hm?
Come out.
I said come out of there.
I'm leaving.
She probably caught on.
Catch her before she runs away.
I've been tamed, you say?
Wait!
Like I thought, you've been deceiving me.
I should have put up with it longer,
but I dislike you a pretty great deal.
What do you think you're going to do to me when you can't even hurt me?
Where's Sam Jang?
I'm Sam Jang. She's gone.
She's been buried in my place in the sarcophagus I was locked up in.
That girl is dead.
Son Oh Gong!
She's still in me. She's definitely still alive!
Let her go.
If you act like this towards me again, I'll make it so that this girl gets devoured by evil spirits.
You think I won't be able to?
Shall I try shedding some blood right here and now?
She might even end up being gobbled up by Ma Wang.
Should I give it a try?
Don't do it.
I can't beat you with my own strength.
However, I can cut up this one little body.
I committed a wrong.
Don't be like this. Don't hurt her.
We're getting married as planned.
A marriage is a contract.
I'm going to become your bride.
And from then on you're going to be next to me.
Depending on how you act, I may even wake up that girl from the coffin for you.
After 100 years? 500 years? Will you be able to love me until then?
Who's to say? I don't know how long it will last,
but when it ends you'll die.
Then I guess I'll have to keep a hold on you for a good 1,000 years then.
Bye, now.
It's not going to take 1,000 years like it did for me.
We just need to find General Winter. You withstood it well.
Ma Wang, you felt like this for 1,000 years?
That's right. I couldn't do anything
and I endured the agony of not even knowing where or how she was.
That's how my 1,000 years were.
I can't even bear it for just one day.
I'm going to find General Winter.
That stone-head monkey is feeling true pain now.
The punishment this heavenly realm inflicted upon him was quite the success.
This isn't good for you either, huh?
I'm sorry.
She told me to get rid of this censer...
Are you really going to go through with the wedding?
Until I find General Winter, I have to do as she says.
Then I guess I won't need to get rid of the things I prepared.
What things?
Wow
You prepared it so well it's hurting my heart.
I apologize, Hyungnim.
No, you did good. Sam Jang will really like it when she sees it.
Oh Jeong, you should get going to work already. I'm going to go to that girl.
What are you going to do there?
What else? I have to pick on her of course. She's in a good mood.
As expected, since the necklace by itself was originally pretty it makes you prettier when you wear it.
From here to here.
Yes, Ma'am.
And from there to there.
I'll also wrap up the clothes and shoes you came here in, Ma'am.
Just throw them away.
Yes, Ma'am. Is there anything else you need?
What do you think of these?
These aren't that great.
Right? To my eyes as well they looked a little big.
Those red ones over there.
Ah, yes, understood. I'll get you a new pair.
Thank you so much for your business, Ma'am. Would you like to pay by card?
I'm just going to take them with me and leave.
Yes, please just leave.
Ma'am! Just one moment please! Wait, please!
You need to pay before you go.
- You told me I could just leave.
- Excuse me?
You have to pay and then you can leave.
I said I'm leaving.
As I keep saying, quickly pay up and then leave.
I don't have any money though.
If you don't have money then just give them here.
A person that's all talk.
Where do you think you're going?
Take it all off, please.
Fine. Give me my clothes.
You told us to throw them away earlier, didn't you? They're in the trash can over there.
Was this your doing?
Why were you putting on those lousy clothes? Like yourself.
Even when Jin Seon Mi was dressed in rags she looked pretty.
As for you...
I'm pretty sure I told you not to threaten me.
I'm not, I'm not.
I'm just watching you because you're pretty.
I'm pretty?
You're not pretty! I lied.
Geez, you fell for that? You're really easy.
I didn't fall for it.
No, no. You fell for it and you're going to continue to fall for it. You said you like me.
You said you wanted me.
Shall I give myself to you?
I'm not going to! I lied! Just look at you! You fell for it again!
What are you doing?
I need to get to know you since we're going to be married.
I figured that through this kind of amity,
a bad guy and bad girl could be able to live well together,
Do you think I'm lying?
Do you think I'm trying to fool you? Should I not get to know you?
Continuing doing so. I'm fine with it.
What should I do? I'll try becoming someone that you'll like.
Is that so?
Then let's go to work.
The real-estate office? Why would I go there?
You're going to because I'm going there.
[CEO Jin Seon Mi]
Even when she was busy catching evil spirits, she always came to work on time and did her job.
Do you think you'll be able to as well?
All of this body's memories
are still here.
Even the little details.
If you want me to, I can be exactly like that girl.
Exactly the same?
Son Oh Gong, normal office workers are busy at this hour.
Don't try any funny business and get out.
Hey, that really was really good. Keep going.
I'm starting to like you more and more.
Give me a break when I'm starting to like you.
Do you want me to continue?
All right. If you keep doing it so well like that,
I'll fall for it in the blink of an eye.
I can do it. In the end,
I'll be able to fool even your heart.
Deceiving and being deceived.
Like that we can live well.
You know that well.
Now it's up to you. Do a good job being the exact same.
Depending on how you do, I'll let myself be fooled.
Good luck!
CEO, good morning!
What is it? Does something look different?
Why are coming to work dirty like that? There's something on your collar.
Wipe it off.
Thank you.
You're going to have to really hang in there today. We're super busy.
It'll be fine. I can do it.
CEO! How could you stamp the seal like that! I'm already busy enough I could die!
Now I have to draw this up again!
I know it all in my head. It's just because it's my first time doing it!
Are you speaking words right now or passing wind? CEO, you've been doing this work for 10 years, 3 with me.
I can do it well!
Don't just say empty words! Use your eyes and properly look before doing it!
And tie your hair back. It keeps getting on me.
I have re-draft all of these again. Ahh, the stress...
What a pain.
CEO, your family is here.
Huh? Family?
Secretary Son must have contacted them to say you're getting married.
We've got good news too. A second baby is on the way.
Help us out with some money.
Seon Mi, congratulations!
He said Secretary Son contacted him to tell him you were getting married.
Congrats on your happy ending. Come here!
- Okay!
- Okay?
Drinks on me!
Oh, yeah! Party! I missed you! I missed you!
- Party! Drinking party!
- Party!
What now?
Uh, well, the boiler at our home exploded all of a sudden.
Secretary Son told us to come stay here. Thank you.
Auntie!
Hey, you're going to make your mom sad.
Let's go. Let's go.
Haphazardly searching for him is taking too much time.
No matter how much we call General Winter, he won't respond.
If he was intending to betray me then of course he wouldn't come when called.
What about the Summer Fairy?
Summer Fairy was here when the censer disappeared.
As I thought, did those two plan this?
But something's still off. Why did they have to go out of their way to have General Winter return to his body,
make the censer out of ice, and then leave.
Summer Fairy should have been more than capable of doing that much,
You're saying General Winter put Summer Fairy asleep and did it by himself?
Ah, when I first saw Summer Fairy
it was definitely warm. However,
that night it got cold again.
I thought it was because of my chill but there's no doubt
General Winter came and took it away,.
That makes sense.
Why are you awake at night, General Winter?
On the night it was taken away, General Winter was awake.
And the one that Ah Sa Nyeo met with was General Winter.
Is it possible Summer Fairy has nothing to do with this?
If Summer Fairy really has nothing to do with this,
then we need to try calling her.
If General Winter's been awake all this time
then he should be really exhausted right now.
Summer Fairy, don't come out.
Brother, stop it now.
Don't come out. Just stay asleep.
You're going to destroy this place?
Yeah. I need to call Summer Fairy out.
Come. If you don't want to die,
then come!
He's calling me.
Don't answer him. Just stay obediently inside me.
I have to go!
You can't! What are you doing!
Brother
No. If you come out from my body you'll soon disappear.
Come back.
Don't!
Please, stop now!
It's Summer Fairy!
I'm here.
- You came out of General Winter's body?
- Yes.
This is a place I cherished. Please don't destroy it.
You liked this place as well, didn't you, Great Sage?
Even though you couldn't drink.
Where's General Winter? What about the censer?
Summer Fairy's soul came out of General Winter.
We've found out where he is.
Son Oh Gong is going to kill General Winter.
I have to find Ah Sa Nyeo and have her put Summer Fairy's soul back in me.
Great Sage
Hand over the censer.
I can't do that.
General Winter!
Sam Jang is a human that can harm you, Great Sage!
Getting rid of the censer is not considered betraying you.
Sam Jang is the person that will be my bride.
I need that censer to find my bride.
Don't come near. I need to protect my sister as well.
I didn't want to kill you.
Stop, Brother!
Brother
You musn't! Don't hold me!
Go back in me!
I should have disappeared back then.
Thanks to you Brother, until now
I've been able to live a good and enjoyable life.
Now I'm going to leave.
No! You can't!
You can't.
Great Sage, please forgive him.
My death should be enough to pay the price for the crime.
My sister! My pretty sister!
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki
My sister!
I'm sorry. Good-bye.
Ma Wang, have your eyes gotten better?
I think I've received the Summer Fairy's last gift.
Thanks to that heat wave just now, my chill has gone away.
That's great.
When she put my sister's soul in me, I made a contract with Ah Sa Nyeo.
Now that my sister's soul is gone, that contract has also ended.
Sam Jang should also still be alive so kill me
and go and save her.
Summer Fairy took on the price of your betrayal.
General Winter, stop crying.
You keep making it cold and snow.
I hate the cold.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me, CEO.  The boiler still is not fixed.
Once it's fixed, we'll leave.
I can do it.
Yes, I can!
If you look at scary things at night you'll pee yourself.
Oh? It's Professor Kang Dae Sung.
Whenever I look at this guy
he's always handsome and cool.
Han Byeol, you need to study hard as well
so that you can become a great person like this ahjussi.
He's not that great of a person.
A priestess that can crown a king?
Who are you?
I've come here to get Jin Seon Mi. Son Oh Gong called me here.
Ah, Secretary Son? Okay. Come on in.
I'm on my way out.
Han Byeol! Han Sol! If your things are all packed then let's go!
Is he Secretary Son's father?
He seems familiar...
Oh! That's it!
That's it!
How can this be? A company president's son?
Oh. My. God.
He told me to bring you to Sureumdong.
- You're pretty.
- I'm not going to fall for that.
By the way, what is all this?
Did you go so far as to prepare all this just to fool me?
Oh Jeong prepared all of it.
Don't like it. Since it's not for you.
- Then get rid of it.
- I wont.
I can still use it with you, can't I?
We're getting married, aren't we?
Drink up.
You think I'd drink this?
I know all about what you did to Ma Wang.
Is that so? This is a really good wine though.
Don't light those either.
These smell really good though. They're perfect for setting the mood.
Don't do anything. I'm not going to fall for it.
I didn't call you here to not do anything though.
All right. I won't do anything.
Then talk about yourself.
Why did you want to become Sam Jang so badly?
I doubt it was because you wanted to become the CEO of Hanbit Real Estate.
In this new lifetime, I'm going to call a dragon again.
- What?
- And by doing so I'll crown a king.
If you protect me by my side, I can do anything.
Ah Sa Nyeo and Sam Jang's dreams are connected with this censer.
As long as Sam Jang is sleeping, she'll be in that dream.
Then if Ah Sa Nyeo re-enters that dream, they'll be able to switch and we can get her out?
Yes. She has to be put to sleep first.
Ah Sa Nyeo is on her guard right now,
she'll never let herself fall asleep next to Son Oh Gong.
I'll become the Sam Jang that you loved. I can be the exact same as her.
You just need to stay by my side just as you are now.
Then what are you going to do for me?
I'll end that death bell fate.
So that's what it was. The reason Sam Jang isn't calling me.
She was under such an absurd misconception so I told her the proper truth.
That you and she aren't this kind of match made in heaven.
If she comes back it's possible you'll die.
But even so, are you going to continue to wait for her?
No, I'm not going to wait.
You've made the right choice.
There's a lot of different ways to make a person take a drug.
What did you just give me?
A drug to make you dream a good dream.
I put it in the water I drank earlier.
You were talking so much I almost ate it all myself.
Have a nice dream.
And,  I'm going to make it so that you can never wake back up in this body.
- Did you put her to sleep?
- Yeah.
How? It shouldn't have been easy.
Don't ask me how. The censer is burning well right?
Yes.
Ah Sa Nyeo and Sam Jang's dreams should be connected.
I have to go there.
Is there a way to enter that dream?
You can't go into someone else's dream without any connection to it.
I have a connection.
It will tell me where she is.
Jin Seon Mi, where are you right now?
Can you hear my voice?
Jin Seon Mi, where are you?
Jin Seon Mi!
I came back here?
If I put out the censer the two of them will be able to come out of the dream.
Has the censer's flame been put out?
She's gone.
We've been disconnected.
I came to see you in your dream.
And Son Oh Gong should have gone to Sam Jang's dream.
Jin Seon Mi
I received a big help from you so I didn't particularly have an issue with you. However,
you keep causing problems so I 'm left with no other choice.
You're going to have to go back into this coffin and sleep like a good girl.
- Just a moment
- No.
I don't feel like listening to your stories anymore.
You're being deceived by something, Ma Wang.
You're the one that would be deceiving me!
Do you think Princess Iron Fan's child really died?
Why didn't you call me?
Why are you here? Get out!
Don't come here! Don't come, Son Oh Gong!
I knew it. Because of me you're hurting and are going to die.
She said it was a death bell!
It's horrifying. I'm not leaving from here.
I told you not to come near me!
Fine. Then try and kill me right here and now.
Son Oh Gong!
I'm begging you don't come.
Don't make me hurt you.
You told me,
when I'm scared, having a hard time, or in danger you would protect me.
I've got one of these now too
So when you're scared, having a hard time, or in danger call my name.
I'll always run to your side and protect you.
♫ I will close my two eyes ♫
♫ So that I won't see you ♫
♫ Even though it's painful, I'm not going to hurt ♫
Jin Seon Mi
♫ And I'll grit my teeth like this ♫
Jin Seong Mi.
♫ ♫ I'll hold back my tears. ♫
♫
Jin Seon Mi!
♫  Don't worry ♫
♫ Please just go the way you were going ♫
♫ I'm fine. I'm used to seeing you leave ♫
♫ Here where I watch you going far away is my place ♫
♫ But then why do I only want to keep calling out to you ♫
♫ Why don't you turn around just once ♫
♫ Anyway, it's already been decided ♫
♫ Even though I knew this would be farewell ♫
♫ Why am I like this ♫
You're awake.
Thank goodness.
You're okay?
Yeah.
I finally found my bride,
but I'm so sleepy right now.
I'm sorry.
It's Ah Sa Nyeo's censer.
As always, you're the only one I can count on Ma Wang.
Yes, of course. I do things very obediently, don't I?
Did you do a good job taking care of Ah Sa Nyeo?
I lost her.
I've gotten very weak you see.
Bu Ja won't be able to wake up for eternity, will she?
When Ma Wang comes he's going to burn her.
You're awake?!
Bu Ja!
Jeo Pal Gye
please save me.
Ah, we're going to leave first.
Why is he just leaving without staying to watch Bu Ja get burned?
What's the meaning of this?
The pig ran off with Bu Ja.
Jeo Pal Gye's at it again!
Why are you getting off? You said you wanted to see your mom!
I changed my mind.
Thank you for helping me.
You tricked me again, didn't you? You're just Ah Sa Nyeo, aren't you?
And so? Are you going to drag me back to be burned?
Don't come out and stay hidden. Don't let yourself get caught.
You really did love and cherish her.
Leave.
It's a good thing I was able to use him.
Shall I go to the other one now?
As promised, I came to find you.
I was waiting for you.
Pal Gye let Ah Sa Nyeo free.
I apologize.
It's fine. Leave her be.
I realized something huge thanks to her.
Do you think Princess Iron Fan's child died?
The child died.
A child that was born of a deity and a demon and consumed the souls of tens of human children,
do you think it really would have died?
What are you trying to say right now?
Because the child died, the woman committed a crime.
And in order to end the punishment for that, you lived a quiet and obedient life for 1,000 years.
Try thinking about it in reverse.
And if that makes sense to you, let me go.
In order to make me tame and obedient, that woman committed a crime.
And for the sake of that crime,
my child was killed.
Why did I never think of that before?
Don't fall too hard for what Ah Sa Nyeo tells you.
If I was actually deceived, then they're all my enemies.
The bride has been found
and the groom keeps sleeping.
Great Sage, peer of heaven,
Son Oh Gong, Human Jin Seon Mi
loves you.
And now
I'm going to end your love.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki
♫ Don't say anything ♫
♫ This moment we are together ♫
♫ Don't try to escape ♫
♫ Because this is love's destiny ♫
♫ Inside my unknowing heart ♫
♫ I'm sorry, I believe you ♫
♫ I will be with you forever as I was destined to be ♫
[Hwayugi]
Ma Wang let you go?
Are you certain he died?
This is the sword from that day.
[A.Korean.Odyssey]
[Synced by sir mc fly]